Lowered runpnsl minimum level to 420 (#830)
pajbot/pajbot: CHANGELOG.md

## Unversioned

> - Minor: Lowered minimum level required for the `!runpnsl` command from 500 to 420.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Minor: You can now allow users with level 420 to use the `!runpnsl` command (could only be set as low as 500 before). Default level requirement remains at 750. (#830)
```
